- Its hard to say definitely what the most difficult aspect will be. Three things come on my mind however - the team staying together, everybody actively contributing equally, and problems solving the task as a group without technology problems like Git. I think each one of these things could pop up in a larger team, it is just a matter of which one or if any of them pop up. As far as myself personally, making sure that I uphold the quality the team is expecting would be my biggest concern.

- A remote is just having my repository on another computer. A branch is simply a collection of commits, and they may be used in the development process of a project using git.
The default branch is the main branch, which can be compared to the bugFix branch I created in the learngitbranching exercises. The difference is that the bug was fixed in the bugFix branch, and then merged/rebased into the main branch, which is where the fixed version of the project is.
An example of a default remote is when I cloned my forked dom-adventure-game off of GitHub - the default remote was the remote repository on GitHub which was automaticaly created with clone. This is comparable to the remotes I added to view my classmate's dom-adventure-games, the difference being that the default remote is also the origin/my remote repository on GitHub.

- For the collaborative project this week, I used the forking workflow. This is because I used pull requests, which the centralized workflow does not used, in order to suggest changes to my classmate's project. If I used a centralized workflow, I would have pushed direct changes to my classmate's project, which would not have been good if my classmate did not want those changes. I also did not use a gitflow/feature branching workflow, since my branches were pointing to main when I issued the pull request on GitHub. Gitflow/feature branching would also not have been the best kind of workflow to use since it is moreso for bigger team projects, not revising a single classmate's project.
