
- I think I would feel pretty comfortable answering questions like these in job interviews. I definitely think they help more than regular test and quizzes, because rather than studying to a test these assessments get you to reflect more on the week, and are more critical-thinking-oriented. Questions like these are also very good to prepare for coding interviews, a big benefit I think tests don't give - it prepares you for the field more.

- I know that we already learned this tool, but I think git (and other source code controls like it) is still the most important tool, because it is what makes collaboration between developers possible. Git, of course, is used to save the changes in your work through a series of commits, which are like snapshots of
your work you can move back to at any time. They can also be pushed to central repositories, like GitHub, which is where they can be shared with other people or accessed by a server (like we did this week with netlify). After Git, I would have to say that Parcel (a packager) it probably the next most beneficial - it does the minifying, tree-shaking, and even adds dependencies needed automatically - it is really useful all around.

- The main difference between Waterfall and Agile is that agile works in short iterations while Waterfall works in phases. Using tic-tac-toe as an example for agile, if my partner and I together work in a really quick burst for an hour and just try to push out some kind of progress, that would be an example of agile. If we instead worked to get all the requirement for tic-tac-toe done first - make a working game essentially, and then after that add some style to the game, and then test it, we would be using the waterfall method of going from one phase to the next.
