- Now that you've spent a few weeks working on longer projects, how do you think you'll adapt to working in the professional world?
- Imagine you are building your Choose-Your-Own-Adventure project in JavaScript for the browser. The user has clicked a button to select which room to enter, walk through how you would manipulate the page to show the next room's description. Explain the DOM methods you would use and why.
- Why are different data structures useful? Use the Document Object Model as an example. Would it work as any structure other than a tree?


 - After spending the past few weeks on longer and longer projects, I think I am certainly more prepared to work in the professional world. My only concern is that I get used to working with a lot of people on a single project - so far, I have had no problems, but I was only working on each project by myself. I think if I were to be thrown into the professional world right now (assuming I had all the skills to work whatever the job is), I would be nervous to work with other people, but I would be able to pull through.

 - To set the stage for my Choose-Your-Own-Adventure game, I would have a semi-transparent div in the top center of the browser viewport. When each function is called after the button is pressed, I would use the DOM to append a text node (appendChild method) with all the dialogue onto the semi-transparent div (and select the div with the querySelector() method). This way all the text would appear on the screen when the button is pressed. I would also remove the previous text node (removeChild method) that was in the div.
 I would also probably add a few lines to change the background-image to an image befitting each scene. This could be done by using a query selector to select the previous image tag, and then using that query selector in combination with .style.href = "newimage.png".

 - Different data structures are useful because they can be tailored to specific use cases. Using the DOM as an example, it is useful to have a tree-like structure so that it is easy to access nested elements. The fact that HTML/XML (I am assuming) uses a nested structure makes the fact that the DOM is a nested structure that much easier to understand. If the DOM came in the form of an array, it would be very difficult to tell which elements are nested within each parent element!
