- In the next few weeks, we'll be learning how professional developers work on larger projects. What are you most looking forward to in this section?
- Briefly explain event propagation and bubbling using an example of two nested HTML elements.
- You learned to use addEventListener on a DOM node to listen for a type of event and create a function to handle that event. When the event happens, that function is called with an Event Object that gives you more information about the event. Choose two different event types and explain two properties of each that are unique to that event. Use your MDN reference for help.

- I am really looking forward to understanding more of the work flow for professional developers. One aspect of that is using Git in a group environment - that will be fun, just because we have done everything in one-person projects so far. If possible, I also look forward to learning more nifty Git commands that make collaboration easier. Larger scale projects will also be interesting, just because we have done small scale projects - I look forward to making bigger and cooler things!

- Event propagation is the sum of the processes of bubbling and capturing, and can be explained using the example of a `<p>` nested inside of a `<div>`. When an event listener is attached to the `<p>` and then that event is activated, the capturing phase of propagation is called. This is when the DOM goes down the DOM tree all the way to the target element: in this game the `<p>`. Once it gets to the target element and activates the event for it, it then goes back up the DOM tree, called the bubbling phase, and activates any event attached to the parent elements of the target element. In this example, one of the parent elements would be the `<div>`.

- One type of event is the mouse event. Two properties of that event are MouseEvent.pageX and MouseEvent.ctrlKey. The pageX property returns the horizontal position of the mouse pointer when it clicks on a target element with a mouse event listener attached to it. The ctrlKey property just returns a value of true if the control key was pressed down when the mouse event listener ran.
Another type of event is the keyboard event. Two properties of the keyboard event are KeyboardEvent.key and KeyboardEvent.alt.The key property returns a string consisting of the key that is pressed, and the alt property returns a boolean on whether or not the alt key was held down when the keyboard event was fired. 
