
 - In building other platform specific user interfaces, it means you have to make sure that the elements, properties and values you use are compatible with the specific platform you are working on. This implies that a lot of the HTML and CSS we use needs to be checked to make sure that it is compatible with the platform we are developing for, and if it does not, we need to find alternative properties/elements/values/etc.

 - One example of a CSS Media Query is `@media screen and (min-width: 500px) { ... }`. This media query will be applied by the user agent if the device that is being used has a screen, while the device's browser viewport also needs to be at least 500px wide. Another example is `@media all and (pointer) { ... }`. This media query is applicable to any device, and the user agent will apply it if the device has a pointer (which means it would not apply, for instance, to an iphone).

 - I think it is better to define Breakpoints by the specific content on your website. There are way too many screen sizes out there, and now there are many devices with retinal screens and such that make it much more complicated to code by standard device sizes. In fact, there are so many variations in device screens that there isn't even really a standard that exists for device sizes.
 Defining breakpoints this way is also not very complicated, and does not require a lot of extra work. First, you just write out the HTML and CSS for the small screen version of the website, and then you add media queries to adapt the website for larger screens. The addition of Flexbox also makes this a lot easier, since bigger screen sizes can be adapted by changing the flex direction from column to row. This method does not require a lot of extra work, because the code for the entire website does not need to be rewritten for every screen size.
