

- If one company or person owned HTML, many problems would arise. As HTML is an open standard, many people and companies come together and get to add their input for how HTML can be developed to suit each of their individual interests. This way, when changes are made to HTML, they are made to work best for a large amount of people and companies. If an individual entity made all the development decisions for HTML on its own, the other companies and people who use it might find the new developments do not suit their purposes. <br>
There is also the problem that if the individual entity decides to stop developing HTML, because that entity loses interest or otherwise, the entire development of HTML can stop which would severely impact the huge amounts of companies and people that rely on HTML for their websites. If a single entity was developing HTML, they may also not have sufficient incentive to make sure that older versions of HTML are still somewhat compatible. Many corporations and people may have websites that are running on older versions of HTML: since they can vie for their interests in the development of HTML, they can make sure that older versions are still compatible. 

- The difference between an element and a tag is the difference between a part and a whole. There are two main types of tags: the opening and close tags. The opening tag starts an element in HTML, and the closing tag ends that element. Here is an example: `<p>text</p>`. The `<p>` is the opening tag, and the `</p>` is the closing tag. The combination of the opening and closing tags, along with the text inbetween the two, comprise an entire HTML element.

- The quotes from Yoda ("The greatest teacher, failure is.") and Noam Chomsky ("Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.") are good examples of the differences between syntax and semantics. Semantics is concerned with the way ideas are communicated, and syntax is concerned with the grammer/how words are arranged in a language. The quote from Yoda had poor english syntax, in that instead of saying something like "Failure is the greatest teacher", he flipped "Failure is" to the end of the sentence. However, the meaning of Yoda's words are still clear, despite the order of the sentence being odd. In contrast, Noam Chomsky's quote had poor semantics: the subject verb pattern of english is followed, but whatever idea that phrase may have been trying to impart is not clear. How can an idea be colorless and green? And for that matter, how can it sleep furiously? This ambiguity as to the point that phrase may have been trying to make is why it has poor semantics <br> 
These ideas of semantics and syntax are represented in HTML code in how legible it is for someone to read my code, and in how well the machine can interpret the code without errors. As far as legibility, if I have seemingly random elements all over my code that seem to serve no purpose in organization or content for my website, it merely serves to clutters the HTML code and makes it hard for a co-worker to understand what my code is all about. For instance, if I had used the `header` element in various places in my code, but with no content inside of the `header` tags. On the subject of machine interpretation, if I have an extra `</head>` closing tag after I have already create a `</head>` tag already, the computer will be forced to remove or adjust one of the `</head>` tags, which may throw up an error in my document. By having multiple `</head>` tags, I have broken the syntax, or in other words the grammar rules, of HTML.
