Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.

I think the most important thing I learned this week was the basic value types and operations in JavaScript. As far as the specific value types and operations I am talking about, I mean types like numbers, strings, and special numbers, as well as operations like modulo, subtraction, multipication, and so forth. Understanding a bit of the 'behind the scene' aspects of JavaScript was very interesting as well, but I feel like it was most valuable to know how to put together the most basic of programs (as the textbook notes, enough for a pocket calculator), so I could get a ground-floor level feeling of what programming in JavaScript is like. With this, I can start to build a degree of familiarity with JavaScript. 
  If I could add a second most important thing, it would likely be the special cases and exceptions, like in coercion, with these operators and types. For instance, like how if I type console.log("4" - 1), it converts 4 to a number and prints out 3 in the console. 
  
 
 
The difference between a high and low level programming language is essentialy the difference in degree to which a given language gives you autonomy over smaller and smaller background pieces of your code. For instance, a lower level programming language like C requires you to create, select, and send each value you create to a given memory location. In JavaScript, the memory location is created and the value sent automatically. Essentially, I have more freedom with a lower level language with C, and I can micromanage exactly what I want to happen to a larger degree, but as a consequence it is more tedious to code a program of equal function in C compared to JavaScript. 



The value and type flexibility in JavaScript has a few niche uses, whose main purpose is to save time. A big example of this is in an example I mentioned earlier: console.log("4" - 1), which prints out 3 in console. Due to coercion, the string "4" is converted to a number 4, and the math is then carried out to get 3. Without type flexibiltiy, you would have to do console.log(Number("4") - 1), which is just that much more code to type repeated over a lengthy program. An example of variable flexibility can be seen in the command console.log(1 && true). Since the boolean true is stored in binary as a 1, the 1 in the console log, being used in a boolean statement, is converted into a 1 and thus true is printed out in the console when that line is run. The drawback to type and value flexibility is that despite its intended purpose, it is sort of less beginner friendly since it is less straight-forward than just having a number compared to true coming out as true. It also, for inexperienced users, may cause errors when they accidently use coercion in their code when they had no conscious intention to, and have no idea why. 
